Great collection, I am enjoying the game once again. I can say the difficult balancing is quite good, playing very hard. before the thing every NCPD shootout would be resolved right there in the spot in few seconds, just hide behind a crater and kill one by one until it's done. Now since the reinforcement mechanic (and the amped up netrunning) sometime I need to use the whole block/city in order to take them down. When things gets heated I need to back out, run, hide, jump on buildings, reposition, go around the block to take them from behind, peek a boo. You never know where they coming from, always on the look out for an exit, a plan b. Fighting these gangoons really feels satisfyingly now and the city layout has become part of it.  Initially was a struggle but then I adapted, learned, with experience I become a better merc, not just with the levels and powers meta, but in the way you play, actually. it plays more as an open world city game now. the best there is  

**strangerism**

So Cyberpunk THINGS was my first real experience with Nexusmods' Collections.  I'd been a little hesitant, as much like Steam Workshop's approach, I saw nothing but compatibility conflicts abounding from just slapping mods into a list and calling it a day.  Most of my "automated modding" experience came from Wabbajack with is a much more powerful tool, but not for beginners.  But after browsing a few collections on the website, this one caught my eyes.  The main thing that got my attention was how well done its Collection Page was.  And as I read through it, I noticed it talked about having a lot of its mods settings' come pre-configured for the list's intended play balance.  Well, that had my attention, and so I finally installed Vortex and gave it a whirl.  

And that is largely what makes this list stand out.  Not only is the list highly curated with regular updates, but many of its mods have lots of moving parts, some of whom interact with others, and rather than having to spend hours in the Native Settings UI and Mod Settings, playing with things, most of the mods with one notable exception, come already set up and balanced to work together.  As for the one exception, instructions to manually configure it are on the Collections page.  Also, this list gives *very* detailed instructions for using Vortex for the first time, which I, as someone who normally used Mod Organizer 2, found very invaluable.  Another benefit is that over on the Cyberpunk 2077 Modding discord, THINGS has a dedicated support channel where you can usually get an answer to your problems in a timely fashion.  I often wonder if one of the people over there even sleeps.  

I've probably put about 20-30 hours in this modlist over the course of a couple playthroughs, and it's been pretty solid.  Only one notable bug, and that was caused by a mod interaction removed in Revision 22.  Anything else was from me trying to add more mods onto it.  All in all, this has given me a pretty positive impression of Nexus' collections, and if you're going to try one for CP2077, it should probably be this one

**Barachiel1976**
                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                        
